# Health Coach
The health coach serves to retrieve advice (for Sonal) provided by healthcare professionals, including from her functional medicine provider. 

## Approach
This is a RAG-based LLM chatbot. I used the knowledge base from AWS Bedrock to store all of the documents from my past appointments that are in S3. The model is Claude 4.5 Haiku. I implemented the Retrieve API which retrieves the context from the knowledge base and then I passed that context into Claude. I worked with Langchain for the RAG pipeline. The chatbot can be interacted with by the Gradio user interface.

## Evaluation
In a separate file, "Health Coach Evaluation.ipynb", I ran evaluations based on the RAGAS library (https://docs.ragas.io/en/stable/). This allowed to me to check the similarity between the answer generated and the context from the retriever in RAG. It also compared the ground truth and the answer generated by the LLM. The metrics include the following: faithfulness, answer_relevancy, context_precision, context_recall, context_entity_recall, answer_similarity, and answer_correctness. I played around with the number of results retrieved from the knowledge base, and the max number of tokens that can be passed into Claude. The average faithfulness was 0.61, the average answer relevancy was 0.67, and answer similarity was 0.71. The following use ground truth: answer similarity, answer correctness, context recall, and context entity recall. The following don't use ground truth: faithfulness, answer relevancy, and context precision.
